Add Salt for configuration management (#703)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_salt-running-salt.adoc

[id="salt_guide_running_salt_{context}"]
= Running Salt

You can run arbitrary Salt functions using {Project}'s remote execution features.

Most commonly, you can run `salt.highstate` on one or more Salt Minions.
This applies all relevant Salt States on your managed hosts.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts > All Hosts*.
. Select one or multiple hosts.
. Click *Run Salt* from the _actions_ drop down menu.
+
Alternatively, you can click *Run Salt* from the _Schedule Remote Job_ drop down menu on the host overview page.

Triggering a remote execution job takes you to the corresponding job overview page.

If you select a host from the list, you can see the output of the remote job in real time.

To view remote jobs, in the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Monitor > Jobs*.

Running `state.highstate` generates a {ManagingHostsDocURL}salt_guide_salt_reports[Salt report].
Note that reports are uploaded to {Project} every ten minutes.

You can use {Project}'s remote execution features to run arbitrary Salt functions.
This includes an optional test mode that tells you what would happen without actually changing anything.

.Procedure

> . Navigate to *Hosts > All Hosts*

Reviewer: In the {ProjectWebUI},etc

Author: Applied.

. Select a host.
. Click *Schedule Remote Job*.
. For the *Job category* field, select _Salt_ from the drop down menu.
. For the *Job template* field, select _Salt Run function_ from the drop down menu.

> . Fill in the function you want to trigger, for example `pillar.items` or `test.ping`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Complete the function you want to trigger, for example `pillar.items` or `test.ping`.
```
Normally, you'd mention the name of the field name. I see this applies to both, but is there any label on the text field?

Author: The field is called `function`. Should I keep the capitalization?

Reviewer: Obvs non-blocking but the way I would write it is:
"In the *Function* field, enter the name of the function that you want to trigger, for example, `pillar.items` or `test.ping`."

Just I used that Graphical User Interface Elements chapter of IBM style as a guide for so long. But this is fine.

Reviewer: Function should be bold not italics in my example ^

Author: Thanks, applied.

. Optional: Click *Display advanced fields* and enable *test-run*.
. Click *Submit* to run the job.

You can also schedule remote jobs or run them recurrently.

> Refer to the {ManagingHostsDocURL}configuring-and-setting-up-remote-jobs_managing-hosts[Configuring and Setting up Remote Jobs] in the _managing hosts_ guide for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the {ManagingHostsDocURL}configuring-and-setting-up-remote-jobs_managing-hosts[Configuring and Setting up Remote Jobs] in the _managing hosts_ guide.
```

This is an IBM standard for references.

Author: Applied.
